>>pageTitle=Privacy Policy
>>signUpBtnLabel=Sign Up
>>loginBtnLabel=Login
>>footerBusinessLabel=Business
>>footerTermsLabel=Terms
>>footerPrivacyLabel=Privacy
>>menuContactLabel=Contact
>>menuVideoLabel=Videos
>>menuHeader=Welcome!
>>menuHomeLabel=Home
>>menuBusinessLabel=Business
>>menuAffiliateLabel=Affiliates
>>menuAgentLabel=Agents
>>menuNewsLable=News
>>menuBanksLabel=Banks
>>menuInvestorLabel=Investor Relations
>>menuSignUpLabel=Sign Up
>>menuLoginLabel=Login
>>menuUsingCloutLabel=Using Clout As:
>>menuUserLabel=Public
>>menuHelpLabel=Help
>>menuReportProblemLabel=Report a Problem
>>menuDeveloperLabel=Developers
>>menuVipButtonLabel=Generate Vip Button
>>privacyBoxTitle=Privacy Policy
>>privacyDetails=<b>Introduction</b>

We at Clout ("Clout", "we" or "us") take the private nature of your personal information very seriously. Please take a moment to review our privacy policy set forth below.

This Privacy Policy is designed to inform users of the Clout website (www.clout.com), mobile applications, microsites, software and services, including any white-labeled Clout-developed applications(collectively, the "Clout System") about how Clout uses and protects the personal information we collect in connection with use of the Clout System. In this policy, "user" or "you" means any person using the Clout System, whether by browsing the Clout website or mobile apps, participating in the Clout Referral Program ("Clout Referral Program"), or using the Clout System as a Clout merchant ("Merchant") or as a Clout sales agent ("Sales Agent"), or participating in any other activities available through the Clout System.

BY ACCESSING OR USING THE CLOUT SYSTEM, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND OUR TERMS OF SERVICE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, DO NOT USE THE CLOUT SYSTEM.

CLOUT WILL NOT DISCLOSE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION TO ANY THIRD PARTY WITHOUT YOUR CONSENT, EXCEPT AS DETAILED BELOW.

<b>Types of Information We Collect</b>

There are two types of information that we collect: (1) personal information supplied to us by users in connection with the Clout System and (2) non-personal information gathered as users utilize the Clout System.

<b>Personal Information</b>

When you sign up to create a Clout account (whether through the application, the website, or Facebook), engage in the Clout Referral Program, apply to be a Merchant or Sales Agent, submit a review or other content to Clout, complete a survey, send us feedback, request information about the Clout System, or apply for a job, Clout may collect information from you, such as your email address, e-mail passwords, first and last name, mailing address, telephone number, date of birth, location, merchant transaction data, expiration date and authentication codes or related information (collectively, "Personal Information"). You do not have to provide Personal Information to Clout, but you may not be able to take advantage of all features of the Clout System if you do not.

If you log on to the Clout System using Facebook Connect, you agree that any identifying information obtained by us by reason of your connection using Facebook Connect will constitute Personal Information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy, and you consent to our use and disclosure of such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If we stop using Facebook Connect as an access mechanism, you agree that we will nevertheless retain any Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

<b>Non-Personal Information</b>

Clout and its third party service providers may use web tracking technologies, such as cookies, web beacons, pixel tags and clear GIFs, to collect data related to usage of the Clout System, the Clout Referral Program and web and email marketing conducted by or on behalf of Clout (collectively, "Non-Personal Information"). Such data may include how many people use the Clout System, what pages in the Clout System they visit, where they come from, how long they stay, their Internet Protocol (IP) address, what links where clicked on, and the type of browser they used while visiting. We may store cookies on your computer in order to collect such information and to make your use of the Clout System more efficient. None of this information is used to identify you personally, though some of the non-personal information we collect may include data, such as IP address data, that is unique to you. You may be able to modify your browser settings to alter which web tracking technologies are permitted when you use the Clout System, but this may affect the performance of the Clout System.

<b>How We Use and Disclose the Information We Collect</b>

Non-Personal Information

We will use Non-Personal Information to administer the Clout System and to understand how well our Clout System is working, and to develop aggregate, statistical information on usage of the Clout Systems. This allows us to determine which features visitors like best to help us improve our Clout System, personalize your user experience, and measure overall effectiveness.

We disclose Non-Personal Information to Merchants and Sales Agents, and third party service providers and business partners, in order for Clout and such third parties to analyze the performance of the Clout Systems and the behavior of users, to operate and improve the Clout System, to target more Merchants, Sales Agents and third party partners, and to target discounts, advertisements and promotions to users. We may also publish this information in order to promote the Clout System.

Personal Information

We will use and store Personal Information to deliver the Clout System to you, to deliver discounts, advertisements and promotions from Merchants to you (as applicable) once such features are made available, to allow Merchants to accept Clout as a method of payment once such feature is made available, to market the Clout System to you, to improve our products and services, investigate (and remedy) fraudulent or allegedly fraudulent activity, data analysis, to display some use information (in aggregate) to Merchants in an effort to improve the Clout System, and for the internal operational and administrative purposes of the Clout System. Additionally, any Personally Identifiable Information that we collect via Facebook will be used for registration and open graph posts.

Clout does not sell or rent its mailing list, and we will not disclose your e-mail address to any third party for direct marketing purposes.

Clout will disclose your Personal Information to third parties only in the following limited circumstances:

          to Clout’s third party service providers, Merchants, and Sales Agents who are performing marketing services, delivering goods, administering promotions, analyzing data and usage of the Clout System, maintaining bank accounts, processing credit card payments, operating the Clout System or providing support and maintenance services for the Clout System, or providing customer service. We use reasonable efforts to enter into agreements with all of our third party service providers, Merchants, and Sales Agents that require such third party service providers to use the Personal Information they receive only to perform services for us;

          when we have your consent to share the information; to investigate reports of fraud, and to correct any issues associated therewith; and to third party providers of white-labeled Clout applications. In these circumstances, you will have already shared your email address with said third party, and we will provide it with additional analytics using some of your personal information for the general improvement of the white labeled Clout application.

Statistical Information

We may also use Personal Information to create aggregated data for analytical purposes, but such statistical information will not contain specific Personal Identifiable Information. It will be used to understand our customer base and to better serve our market. We reserve the right to disclose anonymous, aggregated information to third parties such as potential business partners, Merchants, Sales Agents, advertisers, and funding sources, in order to describe our business and operations. E-mail Communications

If you create an account and provide your e-mail address, we will send you administrative and promotional e-mails. If you wish to opt out of promotional e-mails, you may do so by following the "unsubscribe" instructions in the email, or by editing your account settings as described below. All users receive administrative emails. If you wish to opt out of administrative emails, you must delete your account entirely and cease use of the Clout System.

<b>Network Operators</b>

Use of the Clout System may involve use of the services of third party telecommunications carriers and service providers (such as the services of the carrier that provides cell phone service to you). Such carriers and service providers are not Clout’s contractors, and any information that a carrier collects in connection with your use of the Clout System is not Personal Information and is not subject to this Privacy Policy. Clout is not responsible for the acts or omissions of telecommunications carriers or service providers.

<b>Additional Disclosures</b>

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Privacy Policy, Clout reserves the right to use or disclose Personal Information and any other information Clout collects in connection with the Clout System (a) to any successor to Clout’s business, including as a result of any merger, acquisition, asset sale or similar transaction, (b) to any law enforcement, judicial authority, or governmental or regulatory authority, to the extent required by law or legal process, or (c) if in Clout’s reasonable discretion, such use or disclosure is necessary to enforce or protect Clout’s legal rights or to protect third parties.

<b>Privacy Settings/Opt Out</b>

If you would like your Personal Information permanently removed from our database, please contact us at admin [at] clout.com. We will promptly delete your account and you will no longer receive e-mails from Clout. Your removal from the mailing list or database will not remove records of past transactions or delete information stored in our data backups and archives as required by law. Data on past transactions and data stored in backups and archives will be deleted in the normal course of Clout’s business.

<b>Review and Access</b>

You have the ability to review or amend your email address or contact details held in our database, at any time. Please use your settings panel in your account online or contact us by sending an email to: support [at] clout.com.

<b>Miscellaneous</b>

Security
We use reasonable security precautions to protect the security and integrity of your Personal Information in accordance with this policy and applicable law. However, we do not control the security of the Internet or other networks, or any devices or equipment you use to access the Clout System or otherwise communicate with us, and we can’t be, and are not responsible for, the security of information that you choose to communicate with Clout and the Clout System while it is being transmitted. In addition, no Internet transmission or network system is completely secure, and we cannot guarantee that security breaches will not occur. Without limitation of the foregoing, we are not responsible for the actions of hackers and other unauthorized third parties.

Links to Other Sites

The Clout website may contain links to other websites. Clout is not responsible for the content or the privacy practices of those websites. Users should be aware of this when they leave our website, and should review the privacy statements of each third party website. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by the Clout System.

<b>California Privacy Rights Provisions</b>

As provided by California Civil Code Section 1798.83, a California resident who has provided Personal Information to a business with whom he/she has established a business relationship for personal, family, or household purposes ("California customer") is entitled to request information about whether the business has disclosed Personal Information to any third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. In general, if the business has made such a disclosure of Personal Information, upon receipt of a request by a California customer, the business is required to provide a list of all third parties to whom Personal Information was disclosed in the preceding calendar year, as well as a list of the categories of Personal Information that were disclosed.

However, under the law, a business is not required to provide the above-described lists if the business adopts and discloses to the public (in its privacy policy) a policy of not disclosing customer’s Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes unless the customer first affirmatively agrees to the disclosure, as long as the business maintains and discloses this policy. Rather, the business may comply with the law by notifying the customer of his or her right to prevent disclosure of Personal Information and providing a cost free means to exercise that right.

As stated in this Privacy Policy, we do not share information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes unless you affirmatively agree to such disclosure -- typically by opting in to receive information from a third party that is participating in some activity described on our site. If you do ask us to share your information with a third party for its marketing purposes by opting in for such use, we will only share information in connection with that specific activity. Please note that whenever you opt in to receive future communications from a third party, your information will be subject to the third party's privacy policy. If you later decide that you do not want that third party to use your information, you will need to contact the third party directly, as we have no control over how third parties use information. You should always review the privacy policy of any party that collects your information to determine how that entity will handle your information.

California customers may request further information about our compliance with this law by emailing support [at] clout.com. Please note that we are only required to respond to one request per customer each year, and we are not required to respond to requests made by means other than through this email address. Amendments

Clout may modify or amend this policy from time to time. If we make any material changes, as determined by Clout, in the way in which Personal Information is collected, used or transferred, we will notify you of these changes by modification of this Privacy Policy, which will be available for review by you at the Clout System. Notwithstanding any modifications we may make, any Personal Information collected by Clout from you will be treated in accordance with the Privacy Policy in effect at the time information was collected, unless we obtain your consent otherwise.

<b>Children Under 13</b>

Clout does not knowingly collect or maintain Personal Information from persons under 13 years of age, and no part of the Clout System is directed at persons under 13. If you are under 13 years of age, then please do not use the Clout System. If Clout learns that Personal Information of persons less than 13 years of age has been collected without verifiable parental consent, then Clout will take the appropriate steps to delete this information. To make such a request, please contact us at support [at] clout.com.

<b>Users from Outside the United States</b>

Clout and its servers are located in the United States and are subject to the applicable state and federal laws of the United States. If you choose to access or use the Clout System, you consent to the use and disclosure of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and subject to such laws.
